just as in the north the sudden seasonal
seas also have areas of rich green water
with their own kelp forests and their
own swarms of plankton
some of the inhabitants of these seas
live only in the southern hemisphere
this is one of them the hand fish that
strolls around on modified fins but when
needs must it can resort to tail power
every summer visitors come to the
shallows around Tasmania these are
Australian squid about half a meter long
they are here to breed
the larger males compete for the
attentions of a female displaying
towards her and to one another by
putting on a ballet during which they
continually change the color of their
costumes
eventually they form pairs
a male passes a packet of sperm across
to the female
after the eggs have been fertilized
they're deposited in tough rubbery egg
cases that other pitchers find poisons
within three weeks the babies are ready
to hatch out they are already able to
change color but they're not quite so
good at swimming